This is Hank MacLean.
Reporting for duty. sir.
Trying to pick up
where you all left off.
Miniaturization.
I'm gonna complete
the work you started.
And when this is all over.
you will be begging me to help you.
Before the war. there was a plan
for a special Vault for management.
That's where my wife is.
Where my daughter is. too.
What is making that noise
in the elevator?
Roach farm.
How do you have that?
This is for Lucy.
So. you wanna give that thing
to a good person
so they can save the world.
But in order to save
that good person...
you're gonna have to give it
to a really bad person.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Uh...
The great founder of this Empire. he died.
We've been at war ever since
over who should be his heir.
You know the Legion is still out there.
- They're gonna hurt a lot of people.
- Yes.
With what you've created.
you could stop them.
We could stop them. Lucy.
You always were a good father.
Thanks to you.
I'm not a fudging idiot.
Phase 2 was very important
to the experiment.
The whole plan for Vaults 32 and 33?
Forced Evolutionary Virus.
Claudia.
We have to get out of here.
Dad. if you can hear me...
what's gonna happen to our Vault?
Steph was not born in Vault 31.
- Chet.
- She's 200 years old.
Who are you. Steph?!
The only way to save our family
is to save the world.
I believe there is
another player at the table.
The House always wins. right?
What if I'm not the House?
Mr. President.
Thank you for doing
the right thing. son.
What's it say?
Who's the next Caesar?
Caesar is dead.
Long live Caesar.
Caesar. hoo! Caesar. hoo!
Caesar. hoo! Caesar. hoo! Caesar. hoo!
Together. we will reclaim
the holy land that they call Vegas.
There. we'll build a palace
worthy of our empire.
Caesar's Palace.
Now. to New Vegas!
Hoo-ah! Hoo-ah!
Hoo-ah! Hoo-ah! Hoo-ah!
Well. hello. old chum!
What did I tell you when we first met?
The House always wins.
Winnin' might be overrated. Robert.
'Cause them swimming pools
outside used to be full.
Well... I will say this much.
It's good to be alive again.
Over the years. my body
became something of a target
for wandering travelers
with something to prove.
I have been poisoned. shot.
bludgeoned with a crowbar...
Shut the fuck up.
The diode.
What about it. old friend?
What happens if I shoot this thing?
Unclear.
There's only ever been one of them.
so it would be fresh snow
from a scientific standpoint.
But if it were to expel
all of its energy simultaneously...
the damage would likely
extend to other planets.
so I would exercise extreme caution.
Well. most people
ain't got shit to live for anyway.
Let's cut to the chase.
Where's my family?
Why didn't you tell me there was
a Vault for management in Vegas?
Because you hadn't yet
brought me the diode.
I tell you what.
You get me in that Vault
and I'll leave your batteries on.
We got a deal... Bob?
Absolutely.
But in order to show you the way.
you'll have to...
wear one of these.
Like it or not. Mr. Howard...
everyone works for me eventually.
Comin' through! Comin' through!
Hey. comin' through!
Comin' through.
Oh. wow.
Max!
Stay behind me.
Oh. no!
Get inside! Go. go. go!
Go! Go!
Go! Get inside. go!
Get inside! Get inside!
Deathclaw!
Go. go. go!
Come on. let's go.
What. "weapons activated"?
Hot dog.
- Deathclaw! Hurry up!
Let's go right here!
Come on!
- Whoo!
- Oh. Max.
Wish I could help.
You only got one arm.
what are you gonna do?
Well. someone's gotta do something!
Look at him out there!
Nah.
Are you alive?
Okay. so... kinda.
Kill me.
What?
Oh. please. no.
- Kill me.
- No.
No. look. we-we can...
patch you up.
Maybe.
There's no telling.
uh. with the miracles
of science these days?
Kill me.
No. I can't. I...
- Must kill...
- No! Gosh!
Why does everybody always want me
to kill them all the time?
Kill me. please.
Stop him.
Kill me.
Must kill me.
Must... kill me.
Shut up!
Please.
- Stop.
- You lied to us. Norm.
- Ronnie. hey!
- You have no one to blame but yourself.
- Ronnie. stop!
- Let me go!
- Let go of me!
- Don't worry.
- Ronnie!
We'll give him a fair trial.
- Stop! No. don't!
- This is America. after all.
Stop!
- What are you gonna do to him?
- You're not one of us either. Claudia.
- You only got this job last week.
- Let him go!
Get off!
There's nothing there.
I guess the roaches
really don't get that big after...
Move!
Let's go. come on!
Oh. my God!
Go! Go. go!
Let's go!
Haul ass!
No! No! Not you!
- No!
- Get out the way!
- Not you!
- Let him in!
No room! You're not getting in!
Vault-Tec wanted an impenetrable Vault
buried half a mile below the city.
- but I was always one step ahead.
- Uh-huh.
I rigged every aspect of the city
so I could protect its future.
I rigged every slot machine.
every roulette wheel.
Turn left.
I even rigged their impenetrable Vault
for management.
- Is that so?
- But I miscalculated.
Because this Vault
belongs not to Vault-Tec
but to their investors.
I never fathomed there could be
someone one step ahead of me.
Until I saw your demon in the snow.
Come on!
Shit.
Oh.
Oh. no.
Come on.
Oh. Max.
Fifty caps says he goes down
in the next five minutes.
I'll put 20 on three.
Okay. 20 on three.
Hey!
Hey! Hey!
Five hundred says he wins.
Those are steep odds. kid.
He ain't got no 500 caps.
Count it. losers.
I used to make money for a living.
Alright. here we go.
When it came to predicting
the end of the world.
I was off by just a smidge.
But when it came
to controlling the future.
I was wholly outclassed
by an invisible adversary.
It was they who set
the Deathclaws on Vegas.
And now one of their acolytes is here.
in this very building.
Why'd you go and do that. Lucy?
You know. Robert House
wanted to turn human beings into machines.
Erase their memories.
Make them suggestible enough
to follow his orders.
You know. Robert.
he was a bit of a robot himself.
And who wants to live
in a world full of robots?
So... what I was trying to do
was to add a little personality
to his product.
Who is she?
Congresswoman Diane Welch. from Glendale.
ISTP on the old Myers-Briggs.
which is still the gold standard
for personnel.
Ideal personality to scale.
With the kind of attributes we could stand
to see more of out there
in the world. if you ask me.
Well-meaning.
Sweet.
Non-threatening.
Then. why would you do that to her?
Well...
Daddy's job is complicated. sweetie.
The Enclave's eyes are everywhere.
You should know. Mr. Howard.
Two hundred years ago.
you delivered that diode
into their possession yourself.
You helped bring forth
the greatest threat to the Wasteland.
You were their unwitting servant.
I am what I am.
Is that what you'll
tell your family if you find them?
Cheers.
After all this. I'm thinking Bakersfield
isn't such a bad idea.
After all this. I say we go out
as far as Colorado.
Coop!
Hey!
Henry.
You make for one heck of a wingman.
Hello again.
I don't know what you said. but it worked.
Can you believe it?
We talked all night.
and at four in the morning.
this little romantic proposed.
She has a truly
unbelievable resume
for a hotel maid.
I'm hoping Mr. Askins
can find a job for her.
Uh... maybe.
And. uh. well...
Congratulations to you both.
Congratulations.
- My parents are gonna kill me.
- Oh. come on. you.
Oh. okay. Bye.
- Oh. thank you.
Am I crazy.
or did we just come out of Vegas
- a couple of winners?
- Huh.
What's your endgame with all of this?
Miniaturization.
It's the wave of the future.
Soon. we won't know
who's been automated and who hasn't.
You just have a little scar on your neck.
Other than that...
you'll be my little girl again.
You're insane.
You don't mean that.
And if you do. very soon. you won't.
Your family's cryo chambers
are on sub-floor seven.
You know if he loses.
we're all dead. right?
I'm still in for 20.
Come on!
Come on. Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thaddeus.
I gotta reload.
We can start over. Lucy.
Come on! Ah!
If it was up to me.
it wouldn't be your ass
bleedin' out all over the floor.
But it ain't up to me.
What say you. Vaultie?
You're a good boy. Max.
And one day. you will be a good man.
Max. no!
He's just a damn kid?
Come on!
Let's take back our town.
I'm not doing that.
Hold on!
Come on!
No.
Ten-hut!
We got it from here.
Yeah. that's probably a good idea.
You don't get views like this
in the Vault.
You know. I spent my whole life
dreaming of what it would be like
to come up to the surface one day.
With you.
I just wanted to make all this
worthy of you.
You know. I was almost looking forward
to going back to the Vaults with you.
It would have been nice
to see everyone again.
Norm. Betty.
Stephanie.
Ooh. boy. Stephanie.
We're not going back. are we?
Guess the surface changes a person.
The Legion is coming.
They'll massacre everyone here.
you know that.
Lucy?
With my help. you could stop them.
I need you to tell me
what you were really doing here.
And then?
Then I'm gonna turn you
into the father I thought you were.
You lied to me my whole life.
I know that's how you feel.
You think this is the real world.
The surface is the experiment.
Not the Vaults.
What experiment?
I've already sent my R&D
out into the Wasteland.
Their Boxes are the latest models. too.
So you can't even see them.
Unbeknownst to everyone.
they're following orders
written for them centuries ago.
Orders to do what?
What did you do?
I love you. Sugarbomb.
No! No!
No!
Dad.
Dad?
No...
Aw.
Miss?
Miss.
You have a little smudge on the side.
M-May I?
There.
Good as new.
Yeah.
Lucy?
Open up!
Open up! Open up!
Open up! Open up! Open up!
Open up! Open up! Open up! Open up!
Open up! Open up!
Open up! Open up! Open up!
Let this be a strong message
to management. huh?
Death to management.
Death to management! Death to management!
This is Stephanie Harper.
Hank MacLean's wife.
I don't know how this works exactly.
but he said
that you were always listening. and...
Death to management!
If you can hear this...
initiate Phase 2.
I repeat. this is Stephanie Harper.
Hank MacLean's wife.
Initiate Phase 2.
I repeat. initiate Phase 2.
This is Hank MacLean.
reporting for duty. sir.
Nobody in Vault-Tec knows I'm here.
This is Norm MacLean from Vault 33.
Dad. if you can hear me...
What's gonna happen to our Vault?
You're okay.
Let's get you home.
If your family is here.
I'll be happy for you.
But what is your plan?
How will you protect them?
With the Enclave still out there.
there is no safety.
as I tried to warn you
all those years ago.
I want you to know
that it wasn't me.
What wasn't you?
Whatever it is that's about to happen.
I told you. there are far worse people
than I. Mr. Howard.
I commend you for trying to play the hero.
I really do.
Shall I open it. Mr. Howard?
Open it.
What a shame.
You bet on hope. Mr. Howard.
And you lost.
Cooper Howard. we have here
a warrant for your arrest
by the authority of the House
Un-American Activities Committee.
You've been searching all this time.
You're still living in a world of fiction.
A world that isn't real.
You're wrong about that.
You'll forgive me if I don't see how.
Act surprised and let me take the fall.
- Coop.
- I acted alone.
You didn't know anything.
- No. No.
- Okay?
Don't admit to this.
Don't admit to any of it.
We can fight this together.
For her.
Coop.
For the first time
in 200 long-ass years...
I know my family is alive.
What are you doing?
The Enclave is still out there.
We're not done. Mr. Howard.
We have business.
Not with me. you don't.
I could have prevented this.
There's gonna be a war and it's...
it's all my fault.
Yeah. well...
Welcome to the Wasteland.
Better act fast.
Alright. let's go.
State your business.
The remnants you requested.
Open it.
What is it?
Out of the virtue in my heart...
I tried to unify the Brotherhood.
And look what it got me.
No matter. No matter.
Quintus the unifier is dead.
Quintus the destroyer...
is born.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm